Add Advanced configurations (#98)
IBM/cp4waiops-gitops: README.md

## Advanced Install for CP4WAIOPS GitOps

> There has some advanced configurations for CP4WAIOps installation, please refer to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some advanced configuration for CP4WAIOps installation that can support more install usage scenarios, please refer to:
```
